Add note about autocomplete value in audience builder dropdown (#5163)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/audiences/index.md

### Events

You can build an Audience from any events that are connected to Engage, including [Track](/docs/connections/spec/track), [Page](/docs/connections/spec/page), and [Screen](/docs/connections/spec/screen) calls. You can use the `property` button to refine the audience on specific event properties, as well. 

> info ""

> > Audience builder **does not** return every value for the traits/properties in the Constant value/Traits dropdowns. Currently, it only samples a percentage of values from the incoming data stream, which does not guarantee that all values will be displayed, especially those with lower volumes. However, if a value is not appearing, you may manually enter it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Audience builder doesn't return every property value in the Constant value or Traits drop-downs. Segment displays a portion of values from the incoming data stream. However, if you don't see the value you're looking for, you can manually enter it.
```
